One of the original reasons we had for using an array was that we might have an unknown number of something
for example a list of articles
an array can hold as few are as many elements as we want.
However we solved all that we can't use airco to print out the contents of an array like this as it
gives us an error.
And if we use vare dump like this.
It does print out the entire contents of the array.
But this far out isn't suitable for displaying an array of data nicely.
We could print out individual elements like this as we saw previously but we're back to the same problem.
We want to be able to print out all the elements of the array without knowing in advance how many elements
it's got.
The solution is to use a loop a loop allows us to run some code on each element of the array regardless
of how many elements it has.
There are different types of loops in P HP which will learn about next.
But for arrays the simplest one is a far each loop.
Let's add a for each loop to our code to process this array.
First we pass in the array and then the name of a variable that each element will be assigned to every
time we go around the loop.
Then inside the curly brackets we can add some code that will run on every loop iteration and we'll
just echo out the value of this variable followed by a comma and a space.
It's good practice to indent code inside a code block like this to make it more readable.
The code between these curly braces here is called a cold block.
I've only put one line of code here but you can have several lines of code in a code book if you like.
Note how we dont need a semicolon at the end of a code block.
Lets have a look in a browser and you can see it's printed out.
Each element of the array in turn separated by a comma and a space.
So what happened here we have the article's variable that contains an array and thus far each loop
as the loop executes each element of the array in turn is assigned to this invariable article.
Then in the far each code book you can access the value of that variable.
This way we can run code.
Each value of an array regardless of the array size.